Raise an error when `Self` is invalid (#10609)
pydantic/pydantic: docs/errors/usage_errors.md

## Cannot evaluate type annotation {#unevaluable-type-annotation}

> Because type annotations are evaluated _after_ assignments, you might get unexpected results when using a type annotation name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because type annotations are evaluated *after* assignments, you might get unexpected results when using a type annotation name
```

[related specification section]: https://typing.readthedocs.io/en/latest/spec/callables.html#unpack-for-keyword-arguments
[PEP 692]: https://peps.python.org/pep-0692/

## Invalid `Self` type {#invalid-self-type}

> Currently, `Self` can only be used to annotate a field of a class (specifically, subclasses of `BaseModel`, `NamedTuple`, `TypedDict`, or classes decorated by `@dataclass`). Attempting to use `Self` in any other ways will raise this error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, [`Self`][typing.Self] can only be used to annotate a field of a class (specifically, subclasses of [`BaseModel`][pydantic.BaseModel], [`NamedTuple`][typing.NamedTuple], [`TypedDict`][typing.TypedDict], or dataclasses). Attempting to use [`Self`][typing.Self] in any other ways will raise this error.
```

```py
from typing_extensions import Self

from pydantic import PydanticUserError, validate_call

try:

    @validate_call
    def func(self: Self):
        pass

except PydanticUserError as exc_info:
    assert exc_info.code == 'invalid-self-type'
```

> The following examples of `validate_call` and `TypeAdapter` will also raise this error, even they are correct from a type-checking perspective. This may be supported in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following examples of `validate_call` and `TypeAdapter` will also raise this error, even though they are correct from a type-checking perspective. This may be supported in the future.
```

> The following examples of `validate_call` and `TypeAdapter` will also raise this error, even though they are correct from a type-checking perspective. This may be supported in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example of [`validate_call()`][pydantic.validate_call] will also raise this error, even though it is correct from a type-checking perspective. This may be supported in the future.
```

```py
from typing_extensions import Self

from pydantic import BaseModel, PydanticUserError, validate_call

try:

    class A(BaseModel):
        @validate_call
        def func(self: Self):
            pass

except PydanticUserError as exc_info:
    assert exc_info.code == 'invalid-self-type'
```

> 
> ```py
> from typing_extensions import Self
> 
> from pydantic import BaseModel, PydanticUserError, TypeAdapter
> 
> try:
> 
>     class A(BaseModel):
>         adapter = TypeAdapter(Self)
> 
> except PydanticUserError as exc_info:
>     assert exc_info.code == 'invalid-self-type'
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
